README.md, before:

- Author:     Julia Duffy
- GitHub ID:  juliatduffy
- Start Date: 6/15/24
- Commit Date:  6/20/24 10:30 PM

**University of Utah Climbing Team Website**
Welcome to the University of Utah Climbing Team website! This website is designed to provide students with information about our team, including our policies and procedures, 
what events/ oppotunities we offer each year, and of course, how to join. This was my first ever website, so I learned a lot in the process of building it. I used HTML, CSS,
to style the website, and Java to implement the interactive menu bar at the top of each page. 

**Features**
1. Interactive Menu Bar: The menu bar has several dynamic features that make this website feel more alive. When any link on the menu bar is hovered over, it is highlighted read. Clicking
on the link will take you to that section of the website. When the "Join" link is hovered over, a second, submenu appears with two options: "Rec team" and "Comp team".
2. Mobile friendly design: Several aspects of this website will change when the screen size is reduced. The menu bar collapses on mobile, and is hidden behind a hamburger icon
to save screen space. Some of the image aspect ratios and paragraph formats also change when screen size is reduced. These accomodations ensure that this website can be accessed by all devices,
and looks good regardless of screen size.

*Sources*
1. Fully responsive website tutorial: https://youtu.be/FazgJVnrVuI?si=PPeIccPg9HAzWN1c
- I used this tutorial for inspiratrion while making the menu bar. Code referenced in this video is cited within my code.
2. CS50 lecture 8: https://youtu.be/ciz2UaifaNM?si=JW3cJmmhoUul2I5A
- This video helped me gain a more holistic understanding of using HTML, CSS, and Java in tandem.

Commit message:

Added noscript tags, updated read me, created and embedded an email list with maillite.

README.md, after:

- Author:     Julia Duffy
- GitHub ID:  juliatduffy
- Start Date: 6/15/24
- Commit Date:  7/20/24  

**University of Utah Climbing Team Website**
Welcome to the University of Utah Climbing Team website! This website is designed to provide students with information about our climbing team. It includes a home page, meet the board page, donate page, files page, and more. This was my first ever website, so I learned a lot in the process of building it. I used HTML and CSS, to style the website, and Java to implement the interactive menu bar at the top of each page as well as the image carousels on some of the pages.

**Features**
1. Interactive Menu Bar:  When any link on the menu bar is hovered over, it is highlighted red. Clicking
on the link will take you to that section of the website. When the the "Join" and "About Us" links are hovered over, a second, submenu appears with  more links to pages on the site.
2. Responsive design: Many aspects of this website change when the screen size is reduced. The menu bar collapses on mobile, and is hidden behind a hamburger icon to save screen space. Some of the image aspect ratios and paragraph formats also change when screen size is reduced. These accommodations ensure that this website can be accessed by all devices, and looks good regardless of screen size. To test this, I used a live server and Google Chrome's device view feature. 
3. User-friendly Design: This website is designed so users will have an easy time navigating all of the information on the site. Many of the pages include download links to important file. The home page is inviting, and aimed to direct users to the most important information on the site as soon as they load the page.
4. Error-handling: This code includes 'noscript' tags and try/catches to handle errors gracefully.
5. Code Maintainability:  This website will hopefully be used for years to come, so I was diligent about writing clean code and including inline comments in the more complicated sections of code.

**Sources**
1. Fully responsive website tutorial: https://youtu.be/FazgJVnrVuI?si=PPeIccPg9HAzWN1c
- I used this tutorial for inspiration while making the menu bar. Code referenced in this video is cited within my code.
2. CS50 lecture 8: https://youtu.be/ciz2UaifaNM?si=JW3cJmmhoUul2I5A
- This video helped me gain a more holistic understanding of using HTML, CSS, and Java in tandem.
3. Stack overflow post about including HTML on all pages of a website: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/33322508/include-html-navigation-bar-in-all-pages 
4. Stack overflow post about including HTML on all pages using fetch api: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/57987543/how-do-i-use-the-fetch-api-to-load-html-page-with-its-javascript
- I used the stack overflow posts in 3 and 4 for guidance on how to include my menu bar HTML code on all pages of my website. This proved to be a challenge for me as I was unfamiliar with the fetch api before this project.
4. ChatGPT: https://chatgpt.com/ 
- I used code from ChatGPT when trying to get the menu bar to function properly. This was the hardest part of building this website for me. I also used ChatGPT while making the carousel because I was having issues with cycling through the images.
